 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, I'll wait for Mr. Andrews. don't worry that's that way okay um so so what's on your agenda today uh we've been looking at motor life you looked at nashika now okay you look at um gift registry donations yeah so i think i'm not starting to have the donations because i was trying to make sure that i have requirement finished yeah and the same concept to primarily okay so for the first update before The guest registry, Kwame and I yesterday had a lot of meetings. Yes, yesterday, a whole lot of TV different meetings. For example, some of the write-ups, as you requested for the general page, the general public, there were some inconsistencies, so I had to quickly work on that and share the things with you. But I actually wanted you to have a look there. Say it was today, I'm sure today you will see everything. So I went to the platform with him where I showed him some of the parts that were, the user den was too long, so we had to reduce the steps. We had to reduce the steps on that. So we did all that. You have another meeting? Yeah. Okay, then carry on. I will run through this. Carry on. I will run through this. Don't worry. We split up. You can go. Wait until the meeting. So we did that yesterday, so I think the only thing he was requesting for was the merchant's So today what do you want to do? The Nasika. What, anything else? I think primarily Nasika. But before you requested, I started doing the corrections for the Modula here. Good. And the usage in the new. So it's not fully fleshed. But I took the gel that I want to take him to. So that we will finish it. And Paruk, yes. Yes. And you know my, have you had a look at, Tom hasn't shared anything on the redesign yet. I called him, he was like almost a 13-month car-go where I spoke to him and we were trying to get the right features where he can work on the features of the user stories and all that. So that it makes his work also easy and all. So I think he was happy about that. So he said we should do that and share it with him. He made mention that the Excel sheet and Java sense was he didn't really understand it so he was like yeah you didn't really have a mind. I told him I'm new, I'm here so I'm thinking it's way easy. That was the combo too. So after that then I did the user journey. But I need to... Have you had time to... have they walked you through what you liked? Have you experienced it fully yourself? Yeah I've done for the merchant side. Not the humanoid side. And what I also did this week was that I was working on the back issues. So I'll do the Excel sheet that I'll share with you for to give mine. So those are my things that I can. If Andrew is okay with it, deal directly with your mind. But always keep everyone in hold. Just so that we're all in the same. Because we don't want anyone to become a block. We're all hot. So what we are looking at today is Nasika. I'm happy if you want that I'm very hot but next week if you want I can even say through myself through some of these walkthroughs on Moodle Life to experience the consumer the merchant some of their services you know yeah yeah okay you see I'm thinking of things in three ways A the components okay what again a simple thing is like so exactly here even this one component is saving yeah one component is to sue yes eight you know one component is in short and even insurance you break it down into many many components okay so you can see that these are the components okay then the components make up or the other no actually these are actually products let's say saving is a product okay now saving is made up of components isn't it of merchant sign up consumer sign up payment how you pay you know and then the channels those are all components or even now you can have payment capability and and I don't know if it's making sense even to me but The way I'm trying to explain it. You see, what we... Sorry, Esther. Just bring from here for a minute. Okay, to see if it makes sense. So first of all, there are two things that we provide. Okay. which let's say are the top and the bottom. So let's say all payment channels. Okay so that Momo AT TeleCell Visa MasterCard Okay that something Then we have channels communication channels So we have USSD, app, chatbot, website, right? Is anything else we're missing? Or API. Yeah. Okay? So API even is a communication channel. So then now we have, let's say, a component. And the one I want to think about is billing. Okay? That billing is not a component. It's a product. You can bill and the components are one, two, three, four, five. Let's say there are four subcomponents to it. We need to identify the components. Like, for example, this could be point of sale. This could be billed by email. bill by WhatsApp you know just link just a payment link okay this could be to direct debit okay I'm just so now this is a product these are the components okay which will again come into play in many other uses and then now by presenting it okay in a certain way, right? So we have billing, then we have savings, then we have pensions, then we have insurance. You see, and some of them are all the same, like sign up, that's insurance. We have sign up, check out, right? Using the payment channels, using the payment mechanisms. Okay. Then now, so that's, you know, so I'm really trying to build it as like Lego, right? now we take how do they connect and then now the third step so we have the payment channels you know we have the payment rails we have the components and we bundle them and so we are not we are reusing a lot of things it's not that every time we are building things again and again so like sign up check out right you know those are components okay then we just plug it into billing and then now we plug it into NASICA and that becomes a service and how do we keep on reusing you know so again like with the donations we could just have plugged in merchant sign up consumer sign up check out and say okay now you just build the middle engine because and then it's easy for us to control that we do it in this way. We do it in this way already. You know, so, and that's what I even, I sent a message yesterday, even things like password expiry, like simple things. We have, I'm sure everybody has their own password protocol. Fashions have decided they want six letters. Narsika will say he wants 10 letters. Merchant onboarding is saying 12 letters and one special number. And then, now if I use it for four times, what happens? How do I get a reset password? I've forgotten my password. How do I get it sent to me? Standard. Standard. So that when it comes to merchant onboarding, consumer onboarding, we are, again, not having to, like yesterday there was a discussion, oh, a merchant can't sign up. Then Kaleen says, yes, we looked in the records, the merchant logged in 10 times and so it's been locked out i mean okay it's it's you know why can't it just show on the website that you have been locked out so this is what you need to do instead of him now calling israel israel calling kalim calling kalim going to look and that's even sorry that's even the merchant who complained somebody else will just walk away Oh, I tried to log in 10 times. It didn't work. This product is useless. So I think in this situation, that's where the user experience is also. In terms of how the... Does it make you want this or it is unreadable? I just like to do that. It helps me to think. Okay, so that's what we should think about overall. So that's why for most of you, I need to understand what are the components. like vouchers is it ready on ussd is it ready do we want it on whatsapp do we want it as an API can I take that voucher put it on module live put it on NASICA and give it to UBA it's the same engine how do I now reconfigure it so that UBA can use it on their own those are the kind of thoughts that I'm going through i think for now um for the mojo live we started with the match sorry the match under the tickets and then events we are putting it down um one step at a time okay okay this yeah i think i can share that quickly so that sure okay let me um let me see okay let's open ah it opened It's not really the best, but I'm still working on it. So the merchant console. So I showed it with Gerald to have a look at how he will look for the merchant side. Please keep the merchant console involved. Yes, please. So this is the information architecture of what I was thinking. like a very simple nothing complex for everybody to use so you can see the whole event billing payout and set the settings that the verification kyc and the help so they help like even like here adding to my point like when you say billing and payment i think a little bit more detail i don't know if this is overall okay you know like i'm still working on yeah so like how can we I can send you an email, I can send you a prompt, I can send you a WhatsApp message. It's all the same anyway. Whether it's email, SMS, WhatsApp, it's a link. Do I just send you a prompt, you know, or do you walk in and you enter, you know, do you need to do an OTP the first time? Do you have a standard link? Right? You know, I think who, what we have in, no, you are not there, GIS. So I had a long session with the school and you know I gave them the options that look When it comes to billing we can give you a link anyone can go and pay out the link but it is for reconciliation Because you don't know who paid they have to enter their reference they have to enter their dental number You know then you have to reconcile Okay, the payment has not been through so all you can We can integrate into your school management system so that automatically every parent gets their bill or you upload your spreadsheet into Mojo bills it will bill everybody. So I already gave them three options for billing. So you should decide for billing. So then now they have the choice to say okay we want to work with option A, option B, option C. Between all our capabilities now everybody knows that we have these three billing or more even billing options. I think I can on continue working on Invoice Cloud On Invoice Cloud how systems will interact with consumers Okay. So, for example, again, just on this same example, you know, with Mojo Bills, I can bill a hundred people in one go, Or I can bill only Davida, I can bill only Esther, I can go into their platform, select you, send you a bill. Or I can bill, you know, five people in one go. Create one bill and say, send this to Esther, Andrews, Davida, Daryl, and they will all get it. You know, so that's something we need to just be clear, that we have where it is and now how we make them all available to each other. But if a merchant has come on to Mojo Live, why should they go and sign up again for Mojo bills? If they see that, oh, I have this group billing capability, they should just have access to it. I've noted that down so hard. So let's work on the billing more after the meeting with Gerald and Faroo. But so the user journey, the idea was to make it very simple, like as we spoke about, so we have the discover, the onboarding, create, so manage and get paid. So they discover what the user does, lands on the page, signs up with email or password, email or phone number. Exactly, we need to be very confirmed on these options. the sign up, the password policy, you know, and even the mess, that's a bit more detail, but even the messaging at each point, right, the messaging even to let you know. So I think for that one it will come with, after the whole flow is done, then the UI or product designers will now flesh out what the type of writing that needs to go out, you know. So, um, this will work. So, when, you know, when do we need the OTP? When do you need just a link? When is there no password? Yeah, don't use it. You know, so because if you're a merchant, let's say, then by ISO standard, or I don't know which standard, you need an OTP. Yeah. But we decided that we can't do OTP for every merchant. Some merchants are too small. If you are unity link and you have an integration with that, then yes, you need an OTP. But if you are Northridge Cafe, if every time you are going to log into your account, to issue an invoice, you need an OTP also, you will say no thank you, I'll walk away. You know, I think. How do we make it easier? Also, how do we integrate with biometrics? I'm not sure. Okay. Okay. So this is... So this is what? Mojo Life or this is... Yeah, this is Mojo Life. For the merchant console. Yeah. And you see that with that... Have you also had a look at the merchant onboarding platform? The... For Mojo Life? Yeah. No, for Mojo. No. We have a merchant onboarding platform. Okay, I've not had a look. Yeah, please have a look. Okay. Ask Cromwell. to take you to give you access or clean okay we have a machine onboarding platform which is where all the onboarding should happen and I hear that and even in fact other first step actually that's where again I want people to sign up self-service and very efficient sign up come in login create your password get access upload all your documents okay get access to our documentation and our APIs. Okay, and then once you are through, now you also have access to your transaction history. So if not, so just to get, so more or less like something like a super app where there's like some possible, maybe depending on what you do, the admin actually gives you that access to those. Sure, merchant, yes, yes. You know, so the idea is, that's more for compliance and regulatory perspective. Like I said, you upload your passport, you know, your merchant, your Ghana card, your company certificate, anything we need from you. We have already pre-configured it. Yeah. Okay, then once we are satisfied, we give you access to our documentation. All our APIs, all our documentation, FAQs, Okay, God willing, we should put in some AI, you know, and then now that you are transacting, okay, this is where, you know, I want that to be the primary merchant interface. Okay. For big merchants. All right. Okay, so here too, we need to think about merchants at scale. Where, again, we need to think about a merchant who is a bank, who is an insurance company, a merchant who is a remittance company doing household transactions. and we need to differentiate with Northridge Cafe. Right? But everybody should go through that merchant onboarding platform. So if you log on to, let's say, you want to use Mojo Life and you want to use vouchers, it should take you back to that onboarding and because we know you're a small merchant, it should give you the small merchant track where you only enter your Ghana card and your address and then we bring you back to Mojo Life, vouchers, and off you go. Okay, so I would look at that. So Esther? Yes, I asked Charles Atkins to learn for that. Okay, fantastic. I started to look at it. Okay, thank you so much. Yeah, so that's also quite important. The whole layout of it, the look and feel, the ease of it is critical. Because that's the entry point. I've come knocking to your door and now your door is no opening. I mean, I'll just go, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll just walk away. When you're serious, call me. And by that time, you're too late. And once you've integrated into Playstar, why should I come to you now? Yeah. I think. Okay? Yeah. Okay, so this is for the Merchant's AI. So with NASIKA Star and all. So. I think we can proceed to NASIKA. So the last night this week was the NASIKA 360 products with you. and what's nasika is so it's a digital platform for financial services to support smas and associations for financial inclusion they say this they've served four countries but when you're signing up it's just two that shows yes please but they say they said four countries they have 50 000 clients and 24-hour service and since it's a web app i don't know why that is there it's not an app i think it has to be taken off because it kind of discourages people from using it so the opposition is a quen quen a day turning informal saving habits to structured financial progress so these are their product suits i actually took my time to go through every single one of them so we have the savings the group the groups to sue buy stuff i don't know why it's called by standards the airtime data bills smart by which i tried it but it was empty insurance the retail pensions and money transfers Was there anything in insurance Pension In insurance, was there anything there? Yeah, there was, but I think the price was very less, like very, very less, like $3,000, $5,000. For FINRA covers, I saw $3,000, $5,000. They are targeting the informal economy. Yeah. so they are strengths what makes them stand out as they using like the channels that we use a lot that's what's up telegram us says these and PWAs since now people don't like people do download but they want to actually trust the whole platform before so the competitive feature analysis I did was between um mcn sorry momo um it's no more called mcn momo bezel money sika circle fido chipper cash and achieved by petra and the people that actually stood out was achieved by petra fido and momo so i rounded by bread which is we run number one but for achieved by petra and fido where they get their break-even point and money is their loans and investments and they trying to like put like um that there's a percentage interest percentage on your money if you save and achieve by pressure what they normally do is that they have some one is an euro bond when you put money in like let's say 100 sellers and you're investing you can't when it was like texas so this you can't take the money out so it's locked like forever so you can't withdraw it which one actually by petra you so like you you see how bang when you put money inside there are some when you reach lm you can't take it out so um when you open a new bank account they'll tell you to deposit some money whenever like 50 so this like there's a cut-off point you can't withdraw that 50 so that's what more balance yeah that's what they also do so um this is the information architecture for the whole canal seeker platform that I designed after going through the whole thing so let me see if I can I want to do so it is a visible So this is it. So I drew the whole information architecture for that too. the next one is in terms of UX I would say we need like we need to up our game because if we are seeing is for the guy and then Ghanaian market and people that are not really understanding how tech works we need to make sure that our user experience is good but a good thing is that you have an AI system which is the whatsapp way makes it easy but on that side so even with whatsapp now they are focusing on the Ghanaian market, not everybody understands English like how we are and it's writing in English so I wish and I believe and based on what I have seen they can incorporate the local languages too based on my research so that was one of the expertise I wrote so incorporating like natural like local language like the key one she ever I was a my language is not common so I can't add my language so kind we first in water they know this plethora another the guans have their own region yeah so someone Patience and Mia go. Did you come there? I don't think I know it. Yeah, she didn't begin the... Okay. So, the clean, it's not really clean. it looks more generic for now because I don't know if it was built with AI it's not bad but we can actually up our game once we actually get the flow and because we want to make it very easy for the SMEs and the small scale businesses who usually either not struggle and the next one is the issues I found the password that the main issue I noticed that I I would prefer that we put everything aside and focus on that is the passcode that you have to type in the whatsapp and telegram and whatsapp doesn't automatically do things? telegram too so we have I was thinking of a way around the way we can actually provide security in the day king their passcode in whatsapp and telegram also now there's no first one. Or maybe each time at one time. Yeah, an OTP something. An OTP or something. Or even a security question. People wouldn't really know what that is. So if you ask, okay, what's your mother's maiden name and you type it. So again, won't you stay in the chat? I think a word, but... But do you really need a password? Really? I mean, if you're already in WhatsApp. Or someone can hack you on WhatsApp and then... Because for example, if markets are like this, this when you're making businesses or they can leave their phones or someone can keep an eye on them you know so the second one was that they said it's easy like the sign up is easy but there are eight fields which most of them are optional so i was talking to mr andrew that the possibility of retaking those ones of and just maintaining it like your name your phone number maybe the country because they work with other countries too and your passcode that's it you don't even need your email address at the beginning but as you log in like you sign up you know the profile you can keep updating your profile details then do that and leak place with us when you're signing it tells you greetings i don't know why that says and the repetition of double like repetition double authentication as he said what's any single time you are being repeated and the third second issue I also noticed about that. The whole platform is not fixed on one domain. It's split. So there's two. On two is split. The chatbots are split. Some of the key things. So they are all not on one domain. Like having a subdomain. Everything is split, of course. Which, that is also an issue. So, how it makes money. So, the platform is just not module-paid license money system. so the users nasika module page and I noticed that when I try to do a transaction for me to even gets my information that I've actually made it took like 15 minutes for me to receive a message that I've done it and when I try to like check the balance it was to zero for like the whole 15 minutes and sorry minutes yeah so we have the kind of competition they've had one the the Mission Billion Challenge.

 and their strengths distribution modes chat first plus ussd offline communication strong inclusion credibility and awards on end-to-end module fail lines and sound compliance so you know it's not our product i thought it was no no it's not ours it is it's a third party but i'm looking at taking it okay that's why i'm going to review it so they're giving me two options Either they will give me a white label and improve it according to what we want, or we just take over the existing company. I am considering both options. So I have also asked them for their numbers, what transactions, the history of the products, how many people have signed up, I want to know for the last two years how many transactions have happened on it and for which product. So I think you are part of the call on one day. I don't know about that. No? No, yes. I heard a call with them on the... Southern. I should have you on? Yes. Okay. That's all I want. Yes. Okay, so I'm looking to collaborate with them. The nice thing is already they've taken our pension fee. So the pension is from us. Okay. What also surprised me a bit, when I was chatting with them, I need to make time to talk to them. They said, oh, he's building a pension up. I'm like, why are you building a pension up? Sometimes I think people, engineers, they just like to build. So I said, no, hold on, I need to understand. I don't want to also do many apps in the market to create confusion. So he's taking our pension out. I'm also going to give him, he needs also regulatory cover. You see, what they're doing now, they need to be regulated. So that's why I offered that we take it over from him. But I need to be sure that it makes sense. Does it have business potential? It does because people, I mean, I think we are trying to incorporate the traditional susu and savings and this is the issue about everybody. So did you try the susu for example? Yeah, I tried it but I think it can be better. Yeah, in which way? For example, my issue with the susu right now is they said something that they are not liable if they don't pay. It was written on the website. Yes, we should scare everybody. But the issue right now is that, I mean, I see a lot of people trying to register businesses for SUSU alone. And people get to a point where, as they attend, they don't want to pay, they don't have to make a lot of costs. If we can actually promise people that they are secured and safe. That is very complex. So what we are looking at, I don't know if you've seen the group savings product with MTN. That one is you are saving, I am saving, Yasser is saving. We are saving together, but my money is my money, Yasser's money is their money, your money is your money. The only thing we are doing is we are packing each other. But the money doesn't get mixed up. But look, I think it's... Sure, Sussu, you see there are many things in Sussu and group saving. So we even have to think of group saving as a road mark, that what next we want to do. So the other part in Shushu is every week we get together, this week the money is yours, the next week the money is mine, or next month the money is mine. Yeah, that's what's not exciting. So that's called the rotating, I call it a ROS code, they call it a ROS code. Rotating, and then there's the BSLA model, where we all took money, then you want to borrow. So we lent you up interest, and now at the end of the year we give everybody their return. return. You have to pay back and then we break up the group at the end of the year. Then in January we start a new group. That's BSN, Related Savings and Notes Association. Okay, so now you see the challenge is that what you are talking about is heavy on trust. Okay, so it's difficult to digitize it because you can digitize to some extent but you can't digitized because you will only do it with people you know either family or schoolmates or office mates because we know where the person is. Look it happens people run off. I know it's very strong in Pakistan. In Pakistan it's called committee. In India they call it kitty. You know what a kitty is? Like a basket. That's a food box. They call it kitty. So they even call them kitty parties. That every once a month, even my mother does it, once a month the person who is receiving their money will host their party. So you all go to her house, and there's prisoners and women also. It's nothing. And of course, as I say, monkeys play by scientists. So if I would say I am starting a Shusuu for 100 cities a month, but then Esther can say I am starting Shusuu for a million cities a month. So now of course who will join Esther Shusuu? It is only the people who have a million cities, but they know that this month I am getting 10 million, because there are 10 of us. and then they tell me that look me I want my money in December because December I'm getting married you say you want your money in January because January you are buying a car and so they mean you know so then everybody bids for when they want their money okay so that's the way it works now my friend you can look him It's called Dukan, D-U-K-A-N in Pakistan. Dukan, D-U-K-A-N in Pakistan. He has started a model where he matches you with people and he guarantees. He guarantees that you will get your money. But then now, of course, now he's created in his model, the more you waste, the more money you get. Okay, so although we said 100 CDs each, if you say I want my money first, you only get 800. You won't get 1000. Right? Because there is a cost. Okay, now the person who weighs the most will get 1200. So that's why he also makes some money. So there's like a protection fee. There's a protection fee. And then he has done the credit scoring on everybody. So he knows. So he can just tell you. When you go to his platform, when he shows it to me, you'll see that there's a group, 100 city group, 200 city group, 500 city group, and then there's a time for it. It's for one year, it's for six months, it's for three months. or I think it depends on the number of people they have. So you will see that, oh, they're 100 CD group, they're looking for two more people to start. And the 1,000 CD group is left with one person to start. So then you, when you apply, they quickly do your scoring and say, OK, you can join. So he able to assure me the credit score And guarantee And guarantee And then so of course if he also makes some money out of it because if let say like I said if it a hundred city group for one year that's 1200 but the total payout will be thousand so the 200 becomes his margin for guarantee and for running the system so there are many models around the susu. In Ghana the model that we are all aware of is in the market the women pay one One day, isn't it? One day... The model you said in India, I have done a model like that. Alright, alright. It's very popular in Ghana even. And you know, I have never done it. But my friends who are very senior, they all do it. They all do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Where you see, also you see you need a group who are like-minded. and earning similar amounts, then there's comfort. Okay, if we are, let's say, a big organization, let's say, as an example, let's say, SummerCrafted, and we all know that we are all at the manager level, then there's some comfort, you know. But if you're a small organization, there's only one CEO, there's only one director, there's only one finance manager, who, you know, then the summary skills don't adapt to allow people to save together. Okay, alright anyway, so that's the analysis we have to do, right? That if we have to take this product, okay, he has limited money, so he has done the best he can. So the review for us is, you know, if we have to take this product, how will we make it better? with our branding, with our services that we'll throw in. We can have also, you know, I'm supposed to introduce him to more partners. Because he himself, he can't do anything, you see. He doesn't have a license to do anything. The pensions is us, the insurance is SIC, the SUSU, I'm not sure who he's saving the money with. Or the SUSU, he may have a license. But that license is restricted only to the Takradi area. you know that tier 3 micro finance license or micro credit license so he's looking for a way to grow and that's where we have to now come in and support him that what can we also give him that will make the product more interesting yeah so I think some so some of the recommendations like the correction that can be done and I think I was doing something to like a strategy like what's next so we have the best for like the SMS receipts they also save time to income with them we have the goal base and social savings we have credit unlocked by savings meter local language plus voice the street reward and collector agent so the collector is and you know how the people go to the market or with the people that do that then they go out there to talk to the market so instead of taking the money we just thought okay this is how we do it so every day you do this and it's easier and they're guaranteed verify and plurify so as you mentioned the last two the last two are very bold that's free live micro insurance like some issues indeed some of them have issues and we've noticed that okay this particular person is actually saving a lot with us and doing a lot with maybe Nazi car, there are some little insurance that you can give out to the person in case the person has an issue like this. So Derrida, I've sent you his number, Ralph, and I've sent Ralph your number and I'm going to tell him that you'll call him to run through the platform with him. Okay. Now that you've done your own reviews, you can run through it with him. I'm happy that you'll tell him some of these things. Okay. Okay, I don't mind at all. And then, I don't know if you'll have time today or over the weekend before the call on Monday. Yes, please. Good morning, brother. My colleague, the reader, who is our product manager, will call you to run through the Narsika product review. Please take time to call. Thank you so much. Yeah, so I would call him today and find out when he's available for that. So that was the board idea for I talked for the, so like a live micro insurance. And the second one is merchant working capital credit. So this idea, it's not like we giving loans fully, but you know the market women, they do a lot of buying and selling. So every single day they have money. but there are some days that maybe they might have a little challenge. So once they say we're asked to acquaint, we tell them, okay, if you have a challenge, we can introduce you to a microloaf with less interest or less interest rates. We just have to be careful. Our license is also restrictive. I mean, our license is a payment license. So we have to just make sure that from a legal compliance perspective, all of those products are legitimate, they're approved, and they are being run by the necessary license parties and then also and then can they scale you see at 2.5 now getting agents you are running into trouble agents god forgive me it will steal they will take their money they will disappear they will misreport they will... actually the people that go out yes so the idea was that we are not taking money from them We are just taking a more time, we are going to market the product. We have a plan, we want to show you. So, either we are going the traditional way. So, they are not taking money from you. Oh, they are not signing people out. So, they will just show them how to go about it and explain to them that it's very easy. No money status. Actually, same, we are building for PPT also, that agent's out. And even in Mojo Life, I want that agent out. So the idea is like you're saying, you know, that, again, let me give you an example of Northridge Cafe. Will Northridge Cafe sign up to Moto Live? Maybe, maybe not. But if I have appointed Esther, Esther is an agent, who, and for me the ideal scenario is someone who runs an advertising agency or a digital marketing company, right, will sign up. to be our agent and that agent will bring on board Northridge cafe right and we'll pay them every time Northridge cafe does something they will get paid the same thing you know again with PPT agents are just supposed to sign you up but they don't touch your money were the ideas and i think i wrote the 90 i thought it was wild so i wrote like a 90 day a 90 day plan um and then so the 90 which can fix the safety gap that the password switch on activation so how are we you know if someone comes on you need to like explain or show them the way to actually make the difference we don't need to tell them that's a good user experience get more people to save switch on easy income let go and shop collect through us design the lending pile of dust for the microloan and start the brand afresh by replacing the generic loop with our own identity yeah and the metric scorecard so metric total savings held as active savings to soon group started how many savings become borrowers size of loan outs how many people aren't paid profits by active user and the cost to sign up those are like the metrics I thought of and the risks I felt some of the risks that we might face that the lending laws trust damage last word spreading to thin again achieve slash fiddle pools silver up market so maybe they go up to the general market themselves the regulations like the capital for and capital for lending the money the regulatory as he mentioned so we have the decisions I think this is the other thing for me is that one of the components you're building is our financial services exchange are you aware? yes they are selling the list of products you haven't gone through them You see FSEP, Financial Services Exchange Platform. Okay. Okay, which is, and this will be the front of it. This is exactly the, also a financial, this is a financial services marketplace for consumers, isn't it? Yeah. So all the financial products that we are going to build can plug into this as a front end for us. The idea is that we aggregate pensions, savings, insurance, investing from everybody. We could have 10 investing products, we could have 10 pension products, we don't care. We aggregate them and give you one API, which as a bank, microfinance, savings and loans, you take it and you can use whichever one of them you want. We all make money together and then this becomes our direct front end, which can also plug, then one day we plug it into Mojo Life so then now Mojo Life is also you see, so it's just the same component we are reusing but then seeing which configuration will work for different segments depending on who you are it will give you access to so a super admin so it's user admin like the user access I think so far this is what So Ralph has also confirmed that I've sent him your number So you can reach out to him there Anytime Let's quickly walk through the Gift registry I don't have the actual The words I built Show him Just to show him how the writings yeah would look please give me a minute but then how did you review it I shared it with him and I didn't share the source code with him so I couldn't just look at the right now you didn't see what he had built I've seen what he has built for now but he said based on the questions and things okay let me please give me a minute I'll send you what you sent me. Did I not send it to you, the one for the text form? I have no. I think you also shared those ones. Yeah. I'll send it to you on WhatsApp right now. Okay. Yeah, I think. I'm going to open that. So this is, yeah I've seen this, we went through this too. Let me open my terminal. Also have a chat. When you see the terminal, you can also walk through the email. I'm trying to run it like this. Ah. So I think, I'm trying to run the one I did. yeah it's done it I think we can go through this one so this is the merchants London page yeah so So what I was trying to explain to you first, yeah this is the Metam branding page, okay. Fantastic. What I did from him to have a look was the actual general one. That I am trying to run there, I don't know what's happening. Yeah, so this is exactly, so now we have onboarded LatexFoam, we have onboarded, so on the master, on the super admin portal, right, we have onboarded LatexFoam and given them a link and their password. The Textphone also has to be able to log into something to see all the transactions and all the gift registries. But then this is now the consumer face for the Textphone. Where now I can go and sign up for my gift registry. So, yes, so this is working now. Please, I wasn't really looking at how long, just the right talk. And you see let's keep it very very simple for now, minimal. Minimize it, we don't need much. Minimize it so that people know what they need. Isn't it self-explanatory? What do I have to explain to you? So why choose? Yeah. And how it works. So I actually did a write up on how it works so that it makes it easy for people to understand the whole flow. So you see again, sorry, submit your merchant application. Who is this for? For consumers or for merchants? So this is like the general one for the general public where we actually try to get merchants on board. So the general page, so it's three pages, the general one, the merchants one. So this is like the general one. So the people that are retailers and the folks. So this is the merchants, yeah, okay. So I just did the right type and built something simple. But this is now, you see again, we don't want anyone to apply. This is where when you apply, it should take you to our merchant onboarding platform. It should take you to our merchant onboarding platform. That's where you apply. That's where you enter your shareholder details, who you are, what you are, your location. Once we approve it, then we send you access to the merchant, to your credentials. We send you your link with your password you log in and now off you go go and now upload your image upload your text and now you can receive and now start promoting your links Isn it Yes. So I think... But okay for now it's fine. If we need to do it manually for now it's fine. So I was thinking of moving to where we can actually like redirect or maybe the person doesn't really know much about it. The person can just apply and then... Yeah, you see, again, we have to be careful. The big issue is fraud. Okay, fraud. I don't want someone, and I've had, it's happened before, I'm not talking from theory, I'm talking experience, that how do I know there's some shop called XYZ in Nima? I'm sorry to use Nima as an example. How do I know there's some shop called XYZ in Medina? Latex home I know. Game, shop right, I know. Melcom, I know. You see my point? So, for us to do due diligence, we have to be very careful. But you can imagine someone sets up a shop and either they are able to trick people into contributing, right? And you'll be surprised how criminals are so smart. They will figure out a way. They will go and steal your profile. They will go and download your photos from Facebook or WhatsApp, create a fake profile, hack your page and now start sending out. Or a very simple use case is then they will start, a lot of people have access to stolen So then they start donating to themselves. And that's the experience we've had in the past. We had a fundraising platform, people came to set up accounts, then they started trying to process stolen cards to themselves. So someone came and said, oh I need money for hospital, account is open, then we started seeing money attempts, car transactions, attempted, attempted, attempted, system blocked them. When we investigate that there was no such NGO. It did not exist or it had just been set up. So they would even go to the point of setting up a fake NGO. I mean so if I get a document saying the NGO exists, I will believe it, right? And the bank account exists. Four more users are not supposed to do. So we have to be careful. We don't want this to be at least at the beginning for everybody. We don't want to make it too make it too big we'll start with the reputable companies jfx foam uh compugana ash foam uh gain shop right melcom decathlon you know northridge cafe i mean not it's traffic we even do but you know all cut there so you see the reputable shops that we know exist okay we can verify once they're comfortable then we'll go down to to neighborhood shops okay but there I need to find a way to assure myself that they are genuine so I sent a message to him about this part saying that it should be a button now just direct to you but we have to check you have to check first is the is a merchant onboarding platform ready will it be suitable how will you redirect you back Why you say the merchant, you mean Mojo pays? Mojo pays, yes. Everything should be, because they are all Mojo pays. Yes, I think right now, he asked for the merchant credentials, so Mr. Andrews is working on that. But I'm just letting him know that for this, it should be a form, it should just be a form. No, what I'm saying is, I'm not happy with the form, but if for now, we can't find a smooth way to direct merchant to the onboarding platform and then bring them back here. Do you see? If the MagTerm onboarding platform you signed up and it takes you to our APIs, right? Instead of bringing you back, because you applied for this, so it should bring you back and say, oh, you applied for, now if you want to apply for something else, we should be aware and approve it. Before now, it's not like because we've onboarded you onto this, you have access to everything. Do you see? So we need to check, otherwise the form is fine for now. now. Okay, then we'll manage it manually until we figure out how to redirect everyone through the onboarding platform and then bring them back to the service they wanted. So, did I delay the message? I think telling them something we have to prepare for. Okay, you will come back to it and tell him we may have to integrate with the mentioned onboarding platform. Okay, so you check on it and come back. Okay, and then if that happens then the I'll send the message. My main concern was the right tab that he needed, which I shared with him. I'm sure he had, because the landing thing was already being worked on, I just told him focus on the writer so yeah based on so I think that was what I built yesterday to share with him yeah so that he quickly I think for now you know like my personal approach is to follow Google in their design philosophy to keep things as simple as possible okay let's keep things very very simple minimal you know yeah and we have to make sure that you know we don't confuse the market and consumers come here how do we do that also how do we ensure that I type in gift registry and then I'm here and I sign up you are not a merchant looking for something that's something I could think through also Yeah, yeah, alright. The domain name has to be accurate. If it's merchant, if it's merchant, we have to make sure that the domain name is in regards to merchant. If it's consumers, like the customer you are would share to their friends and family. Yeah, exactly, exactly, exactly. I mean, a simple thing like asking that, are you a business, are you an individual? If you are an individual, we can redirect you to a page where all our existing merchants are listed. Ok? That's not really good, it just takes you down. So it's just like a page. So once maybe the merchant's credentials are ready, we'll just be very very clear to where you need to go. Great. Ok. These are my updates for the week. Thank you. There's a lot. I'm also using the time to dump a lot of my thoughts and, you know, onto you. Thank you. Great. Thank you. And then next week, what are we planning to do next week? So I think the first one I'll do is have a conversation with the gentleman. Rao. I'll call him. He's called up. What's that? Then I'll have a meeting with Gerard with the information I can take. On your life. and also on the back issues I wanted to share with you running okay and ask Tom a question if we get the structure right then can share maybe the first part so even if I have time out and you figure out the tickets and event for the message then I'll do like the user stories Good, thank you. Thank you, David. Thank you. I'm really happy that you're here with us.